14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote .
200,000 votes because of WI 's photo ID laws .
76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld , by name , in the presidential debates .
A majority of President Trump 's supporters and voters wanted the United States to stay in the Paris Agreement .
An election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she was afraid it would help Democrats , showing outrageous partisan bias .
And he 's a 'yes ' vote .
Between 3 million and 5 million illegal votes caused him to lose the popular vote .
Compares Obama 's criticism of Trump 's voter fraud claims with Democratic acceptance of the Russian excuse .
Dems did nothing for you but get your vote !
Fourteen percent of all noncitizens in this country are registered to vote .
He failed to make the case over 1985 voter fraud allegations in Perry County , Ala .
He won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally .
Hillary Clinton once said the average Democrat voter is just plain stupid , they 're easy to manipulate .
House Bill 6627 also requires the applicant to attest to their eligibility to vote , as is required by the National Voter Registration Act and used by all other states that have automatic voter registration .
I did n't say there are millions of illegal votes .
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York .
I have 2 and a half million more votes than Sanders does .
I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally .
If Austin voters reject Proposition 1 , a completely new City-run criminal background check process will cost millions in processing fees , additional staff , and bureaucracy with taxpayers getting the bill .
If Joe Manchin had his way , Judge Gorsuch never would have been able to get a vote .
If he does n't get 60 votes , he does not become Supreme Court justice .
If you look at your voter rolls , you will see millions of people that are registered to vote that should n't be registered to vote .
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally .
In many places , like California , the same person votes many times .
In my first election in 1982 , Democrats rigged about 25 percent of the voting machines to vote for everyone on the ballot but me .
In the 2014 election , 80 percent of poor people did not vote .
In the history of Republican primaries , I 've gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party .
It 's possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obama 's 2008 victory in North Carolina .
It is a contract between myself and the American voter - and it begins with restoring honesty and accountability , and bringing change to Washington .
John Podesta , Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairman , was quoted in WikiLeaks as saying , illegal immigrants could vote as long as they have their driver 's license .
Last year , Democrats won nearly 50 percent of the vote , yet they hold only 38 percent of the seats in the State House and 30 percent of the seats in the State Senate
Nevada state party chairman Michael McDonald incorrectly asserts during a roll-call delegate vote that Las Vegas was the most entertaining capital city .
New York consistently ranks as one of the worst voting turnout states in the nation .
Over 90 percent of Travis County 's eligible residents have registered to vote .
Patrick Murphy switched his vote on All Aboard Florida because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein said if she had 51 votes in the Senate for 'Mr . and Ms. America , turn in all of your guns , ' they would do it .
Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years .
Since the passage of Proposition 47 by voters in 2014 and the signing of AB 109 in 2011 , violent crime has been on the rise in California , up 12 percent in 2015 statewide according to the FBI .
So we have the votes to pass a health care bill .
State Sen. Morgan Carroll 's votes made it easier to sue doctors , small businesses , even nurses .
States with voter ID laws have seen zero decrease in participation .
The Democratic Party created a debate schedule to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates .
The majority of voters supported Democratic Senate candidates over Republican ones .
There 's one study that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens .
There will be a vote .
They 're letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote .
Two senators - bipartisan - reached out to the election apparatus in Florida to let them know that the Russians are in the records , and all they have to do , if those election records are not protected , is to go in and start eliminating registered voters .
Voter turnout in 2016 was reduced by approx .
We 're the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote .
We ended up getting substantially more black vote than other candidates who had run in the past years .
We ended up getting substantially more of the black vote than other Republican candidates who had run in the past years .
We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party .
We have one senator who 's a 'yes ' vote
When we say 'one vote matters , ' it 's not just a saying - it has proven true 141 times in # Ohio over the last five years .
You have 14 percent of non-citizens , according to academic research , at a minimum , are registered to vote , which is an astonishing statistic .